chore: update changelog with migration guide notice (#287)
input-output-hk/partner-chains: changelog.md

* * chain-params crate that provided SidechainParam is removed, because there are no SidechainParams anymore
* * partner-chains-cli is changed, so prepare-config wizard sets `genesis_utxo` and does not set sidechain parameters
* * pallets are not generic on SidechainParams anymore, they use UtxoId (genesis_utxo) instead

> * * This change is breaking and there is no automatic storage migration included in the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* * This change requires manual migration, because automatic migration of storage in this case is impossible.
```
